Move System.IO.Compression.DeflateStream lengthy remarks (#5366)
dotnet/dotnet-api-docs: includes/remarks/System.IO.Compression/DeflateStream/BeginRead.md

> Starting with the [!INCLUDE[net_v45](~/includes/net-v45-md.md)], you can perform asynchronous read operations by using the <xref:System.IO.Stream.ReadAsync%2A> method. The <xref:System.IO.Compression.DeflateStream.BeginRead%2A> method is still available in the [!INCLUDE[net_v45](~/includes/net-v45-md.md)] to support legacy code; however, you can implement asynchronous I/O operations more easily by using the new async methods. For more information, see [Asynchronous File I/O](/dotnet/standard/io/asynchronous-file-i-o).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with .NET Framework 4.5, you can perform asynchronous read operations by using the <xref:System.IO.Stream.ReadAsync%2A> method. The <xref:System.IO.Compression.DeflateStream.BeginRead%2A> method is still available in .NET Framework 4.5+ to support legacy code; however, you can implement asynchronous I/O operations more easily by using the new async methods. For more information, see [Asynchronous File I/O](/dotnet/standard/io/asynchronous-file-i-o).
```
